my porn and French people Bonzo
Sara Fonda Haku it's the end of things
Lika Watson treat the carrot in other
words this is the end till I found the
FDA doesn't want this precious thing to
come to the US again no more me more
let's look at it it's cute it looks like
planet Mars except there's life on it
tiny little mites that make with cheese
delicious isn't it romantic so this is
the last piece of Mimolette
that I was able to find in LA so today
in honor of Mimolette I'm going to teach
you how to bite a gentlemen croque
monsieur yes that's a speciality that we
French and perfect women not to do very
well for it you need bread you need Jean
boom blonde ham mustard you need cheese
minute so be careful my porn on French
people this recipe is so easy that even
American team can make it with his own
two hands
or maybe just even just one because I
guess he's busy no texting at the same
time so first you turn the oven on the
highest again
you take the bread and you spread it
with mustard but real mustard French
mustard not French mustard
this is no town this is for babies so
sweet love No
so you spread much then you take a piece
of ham you put it on the slice and you
add Mimolette then you put the next
slice on top
yeah rubella so my mama my mom used to
make it on Sunday nights when she didn't
want to cook because you know it's
tiring to be French and perfect
sometimes you have to take a break
that's why we have to work only 35 hours
a week or gold strike from time to time
because we need some time to think about
our perfection and think about what
we're going to eat next so now you have
exactly ten minutes to join my facebook
page save the Mimolette and protest
against the FDA or you can practice your
best speech for Mimolette
just like Generale the goal would have
done you know Mimolette was his favorite
cheese so I guess he would have invaded
the US if you were still alive
so you know this is real cheese with
real milk
this is Mimolette good this is not
cheese it's plastic and if you really
want plastic you should listen to
test-tube at home
you know my song this is even better
than a gentle and French
have that good wine